title:
Fear : Trump in the White House
author:
Bob Woodward
description:
THE SUNDAY TIMES NUMBER ONE BESTSELLER
THE OBSERVER BOOK OF THE YEAR
THE INSIDE STORY ON PRESIDENT TRUMP, AS ONLY BOB WOODWARD CAN TELL IT.
'I think you've always been fair.' - President Donald J. Trump, in a call to Bob Woodward, August 14, 2018
'The sheer weight of anecdotes depicts a man with no empathy and a pathological capacity for lying.' - The Financial Times
'Fuelling his narrative is an astonishing cast of rogues, ideologues, self-made millionaires and men in uniform who have spent the past two years in and out of Trump's administration.' - The Sunday Times
'Woodward's meticulous account of office intrigues, the president's men don't seem to be trembling with fright.  What they mostly feel is contempt for Trump or pity for his ignorance and the "teenage logic" of his obsessively vented grievances.' - The Observer
'Horribly fascinating. Strongly recommended. If you can bear it.' Richard Dawkins
'To me the standout message from the book...is that the president is a bit clueless, a bit vain, a bit dangerous even; but his people are utterly at sea...' - Justin Webb, The Times
'He is the master and I'd trust him over politicians of either party any day of the week.' -Peter Baker, New York Times
'His work has been factually unassailable . . . In an age of `alternative facts' and corrosive tweets about `fake news,' Woodward is truth's gold standard.' - Jill Abramson, The Washington Post
'Fear depicts a White House awash in dysfunction, where the Lord of the Flies is the closest thing to an owner's manual.' The Guardian
'I wonder how many journalists have arrived in Washington over the years dreaming of becoming the next Bob Woodward . . . Though his books are often sensational, he is the opposite of sensationalist. He's diligent, rigorous, fastidious about the facts, and studiously ethical. There's something almost monastic about his method . . . He's Washington's chronicler in chief.' -  Nick Bryant, BBC
'I've been on the receiving end of a Bob Woodward book. There were quotes in it I didn't like. But never once-never-did I think Woodward made it up. Anonymous sources have looser lips and may take liberties. But Woodward always plays is straight. Someone told it to him.' - Ari Fleisher, White House Press Secretary for George W. Bush
With authoritative reporting honed through eight presidencies from Nixon to Obama, author Bob Woodward reveals in unprecedented detail the harrowing life inside President Donald Trump's White House and precisely how he makes decisions on major foreign and domestic policies. Woodward draws from hundreds of hours of interviews with firsthand sources, meeting notes, personal diaries, files and documents. The focus is on the explosive debates and the decision-making in the Oval Office, the Situation Room, Air Force One and the White House residence.
Fear is the most intimate portrait of a sitting president ever published during the president's first years in office.
